# Pilot

曾经在学术上颇有成就的高中化学老师老白，携大肚子老婆斯盖勒，脑瘫拄拐儿子二白住在美墨边境的新墨西哥州。

, who has cerebral palsy. Walt supplements his low teaching salary by working part-time at a local car wash, where he is often humiliated in front of the students he teaches. After being humiliated by a student at the car wash, Walt returns home to a surprise birthday party arranged by Skyler. Shortly after his 50th birthday, Walt collapses at the car wash and is raced to the hospital, where he is told that he has developed inoperable lung cancer and has, at best, two years to live. He opts to keep this news from his family and from Skyler's sister Marie Schrader and her husband Hank, a DEA agent.

After returning to work, Walt has a fit of rage at the car wash and walks off the job. To relieve his tension, Walt — having earlier seen a news report showing a large amount of money recovered from a DEA drug bust — takes up Hank's offer to go on a ride-along as he and his partner Steven Gomez raid a known meth lab. As the DEA agents clear out the house, Walt observes his former student Jesse Pinkman sneaking out a back window. Later, Walt tracks down Jesse's address and blackmails him to helping him produce crystal meth, without revealing why. Walt turns over his life savings to allow Jesse to purchase a Bounder RV to use as a mobile lab, while he steals supplies from the high school chemistry lab needed for the process.

Walt and Jesse drive the RV to a remote desert location and begin to cook. Walt's expertise in chemistry enables them to create crystal meth that Jesse claims is the purest he's ever seen. Jesse offers to take a sample to a local dealer, and drives back into town to meet Krazy-8 Molina. Jesse realizes too late that Krazy-8 is a cousin of Emilio Koyama, his partner that was busted on the earlier raid and now free on bail. Emilio believes Jesse abandoned him, but Jesse promises to prove his loyalty by driving them to the RV to show that he is helping them cook. When they meet Walt, Emilio recognizes him from the raid and thinks that he is an informant, leading him and Krazy-8 to hold the two at gunpoint. Jesse tries to run but trips on a rock and falls, knocking himself out. Walt barters for his life by offering to show them how he produced the meth. As they watch Walt inside the RV, Emilio flicks away a cigarette outside, which causes a brush fire to ignite. Walt uses the distraction to synthesize deadly phosphine gas before he flees the RV, causing Emilio and Krazy-8 to pass out.

Hearing sirens in the distance, Walt quickly dons a gas mask and puts one on Jesse before pulling him into the RV's passenger seat, still filled with phosphine fumes. Walt frantically drives the RV away from the spreading brush fire. As shown in medias res at the start of the episode, Walt drives the RV into a ditch and stumbles out of the vehicle, discarding his gas mask. Believing that he is about to be captured by the police, Walt records a video message to his wife and son before trying to shoot himself with a pistol, unaware the safety is still on. As the sirens near, Walt is relieved to find they are only fire engines responding to the brush fire, and quickly hides his weapon. Jesse wakes up and joins Walt as they watch the fire engines race by. The two manage to extract the RV from the ditch and drive back into town, making sure Emilio and Krazy-8 are secured in the RV before leaving it at Jesse's home. Later that night, Walt returns home and meets his wife's troubled queries with a new sexual vigor, which leaves her asking, "Walt, is that you?"

